Cm/js adagrams (#4)
Ada-Developers-Academy/ada-javascript-curriculum: 01-js-week-1/js-adagrams.checkpoint.md

# JS Adagrams

> In this project you will recreate your Ruby Calculator project with JavaScript.  This is due **Monday December 13th at 9:00am**.  Please post both a link to your github repo and a link to your pull request.

Reviewer: No link to the project!

> In this project you will recreate your Ruby Calculator project with JavaScript.  This is due **Monday December 13th at 9:00am**.  Please post both a link to your github repo and a link to your pull request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this project you will recreate your Adagrams project with JavaScript.  This is due **Monday December 13th at 9:00am**.  Please post both a link to your github repo and a link to your pull request.
```
